hi I'm Miriam for the BBC good food and
welcome to cocktail hour from my home so
what I thought I'd do today always make
something really simple with something
that I've got lurking at the back of the
cupboards and I found a month under
cupola bottle Italy of a summer cup I've
got one that's like a summer fruit cup
this was just stomach up he might have
Pimm's it's the same kind of things it's
like a fruit and cucumber and punch so
I'm gonna make something like that and
then I'm gonna make first thing I want
to do is put some ice in my glass then
I'm going to add 40 mils
I've got a little bit of cucumber in the
fridge so I'm just gonna put in slice
and a little bit orange you could use
lemon as well that would be okay and
then I need to learn about you could do
this by eye I quite like measuring it so
that you know that you've got the right
proportions every time so 40 mils of the
summer cup and then a 120 mils then they
if you've got any berries you can add
those I've got a few in the freezer
just a couple would be good then if
you've got it a little bit of mint my
looking a bit tired but I think there's
a few if I can salvage things up and
then just give it a little mix around
the next thing I'm gonna show you is how
to make a non-alcoholic version of what
we've just made so what I'll be doing is
infusing some water and then adding
lemonade and free to that so in this
small pan I've got 200 mils of water and
I'm going to put that on a heat and
bring out to the boil so while the water
is boiling I'm gonna make up what I need
for the infusion so I just need one
piece of cucumber cuz I don't want to
waste it too much and just chop it into
quite small pieces so you increase the
surface area and then I'm gonna get a
piece of mint it's not looking great but
it's still fine I'm just gonna finely
chop that again and get all that flavor
in that so the water is boiled so just
taking it off the heat and quickly add
in my cucumber pieces and my chopped
mint and then set the timer for about
two minutes
so that's infused for a couple of
minutes I'm gonna add some berries again
I'm using just a few frozen bones many
of you I see the frost just crush them
with the back of the spoon just to
release some of their colour and a bit
of that flavor
now I just need to strain it so strain
it into a glass like a heatproof glass
it's still a bit warm or adjunct even
just a few berries is giving it a really
loving color and it you'll smell it's
really minty and really cucumber II just
from that small amount okay this will
make about four drinks so I'd leave your
infusion to cool I've got some but I
made earlier and then ice the same
quantities actually so what smells of
infusion and other citrus cucumber
berries mixed
[Music]
okay so that's it there's your summer
cup and a non-alcoholic and look up I've
been using something I found at the back
of my cupboard you might not have it so
please tell me in the comments below
what you've got lurking that you want an
idea or I'll do my best so thanks very
much
[Music]